Update Agent docs to mention the datadog-signing-keys package (#11441)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/agent.md

- MacOS PKG:
  - Apple certificate fingerprint `FDD2ADF623EA75E62C6DC6DBFBA7520CA549AB7314E660D78B0E3DCCF15B2FBA`

> On Debian and Ubuntu the `datadog-agent` package has a soft-dependency on the `datadog-signing-keys` package, which will make the above keys trusted by APT. Keeping the package updated will ensure the latest signing keys are present on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Debian and Ubuntu, the `datadog-agent` package has a soft dependency on the `datadog-signing-keys` package, which makes the above keys trusted by APT. Keeping the package updated ensures the latest signing keys are present on your system.
```
